Gu Yunting
I actually slept with my immediate boss
Because the rich and powerful people
Gu Yunting
There are many ways to approach the woman who approaches him
If he knew I was sleeping with him
I'm dead for sure.
Xiao Xu
Immediately put the information of the woman on this resume
Find out for me that it's Mr. Hu
I'm pregnant.
Guo Yunting is the only heir to Story Group
They are rich
They have always looked down on ordinary people like us
If he knew I was pregnant with his child
He will definitely let me have an abortion
For safety's sake
Better quit and run
Hello, Xiao Yining
My bracelet is cracked.
Your bracelet is quite unique.
Send me
Okay, you can take whatever you want, right?
I haven't found a job yet.
Did you pay this month's rent for me?
Ok, you leave it to me.
Who are you looking for?